NWN Server Administration was originally written by Tim Geiges.  
I downloaded and installed Tim's version simply to use for my 
server to play the game; I didn't have an intent to improve 
upon the program.  Once I started playing the game with it, 
I thought of other features I'd like to see. I also looked around 
to see if there were any other programs out there, unfortunately 
there wasn't much for Linux, and this really disappointed me.  
I started looking at the Windows front-ends, and found even more 
features that I'd like to add.  At that point I decided that I would 
take Tim's program and improve it with more features than ever, and 
that's how it came to be what it is today.

NWN Server Administration is designed to control a Linux server running 
the NeverWinter Nights server software.  It allows for multiple users to 
be able to log in, manage their characters (if you give them access to), upload
modules and other files, check out who's playing and what module is running.  
Listed below are some of the features within the program:

Multiple users and permissions for each user.
Pseudo smart path's. (instead of having to edit a text file to set all the path's, 
     the software will automatically start with a default path, and if the path is 
     incorrect it will bring up the path setting's screen and allow you to put in the 
     correct path.  It will then update the configuration file)
Backup Administration allows you to set what files and when to backup, it will then 
     create a script and schedule it in a cron job.
Game Settings allows you the change the settings of the game, settings that are hot 
     swappable will be applied to the current running game if a game is running.
User Administration allows you to create/delete users, as well as set their permissions.
Character Administration allows you to manage your characters in your vault.  
     View/Delete/Upload.  If you have administrator status, you can manage anyone's characters.
Ability to Delete/Download/Upload Modules, Movies, Music, or HAK files.
Ability to Delete Saved Games
Ability to Ban, Kick, UnBan Users by IP Address, CD-Key, or Name.

NWN Server Administration requires the following:

Linux Server (any version of Linux should work, but tested on Redhat Linux 8)
Apache (1.3 or 2.0 should work just fine)
PHP
HTPASSWD File for Access Control.
Expect installed in /usr/bin (else you will have to manually edit all the expect scripts)
Screen in path (Installed automatically with most Linux installations)
NeverWinter Nights Server Software (Requires files from the original NeverWinter Nights CD) 

In addition to the above list, certain settings need to be set in the configuration files for 
PHP and Apache.  Reading the Installation guide is highly recommended, especially if you are 
experiencing problems. (http://www.putercom.org/NWNAdmin/installinstructions.htm)  
Also we have a Message Board setup for Help, Questions, Opinions, etc.
http://projects.putercom.org/forum/viewforum.php?f=5

